src/content/pages/homepage/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Anup Jambhekar — Principal Engineer
seo:
  title: Anup Jambhekar — Principal Engineer
  description: Experienced Principal Software Engineer with hands-on expertise in development using best design practices, tools, and SOLID principles
  type: website
  keywords: software engineer, principal engineer, full stack developer, AI, LLM, GraphQL, Prisma
---

Hi, I'm Anup Jambhekar, a Principal Engineer at Virtual Pictures Inc. With over 15 years of experience, I specialize in full-stack development and currently expanding my skills in AI and LLMs.

I've led cross-functional teams and delivered enterprise solutions for high-profile clients including FBI, NASA, and major US agencies. My work spans web platforms, mobile applications, and industrial systems.

I'm passionate about creating innovative solutions and have patented a system for simulation and deployment of customized UI for power system controller devices. Always excited to connect and collaborate on challenging projects! 🚀

Commit message:

refactor: overhaul layout and UI components for improved user experience
- Refactored the Header and Footer components for better structure and styling.
- Introduced a new ExperienceGrid component to consolidate work experience, skills, and certifications.
- Removed outdated components related to certifications, companies, patents, and skills.
- Updated global styles for enhanced visual effects and responsiveness.
- Revised personal information in the homepage and writing sections to reflect current roles and achievements.

src/content/pages/homepage/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Anup Jambhekar — Principal Engineer
seo:
  title: Anup Jambhekar — Principal Engineer
  description: Experienced Principal Software Engineer with hands-on expertise in development using best design practices, tools, and SOLID principles
  type: website
  keywords: software engineer, principal engineer, full stack developer, AI, LLM, GraphQL, Prisma
---

## 🧙‍♂️ About Me

I am **Anup Jambhekar** 👨‍💻, Principal Engineer at Virtual Pictures Inc. 🎬, wielder of full-stack sorcery for **15+ years** ⏰.

I've led guilds of cross-functional adventurers 🏰 through the dungeons of deadlines ⏰, the dragons of scope creep 🐉, and the dark pits of merge conflicts 💀. Many were scarred 😵, but all delivered ✅.

## ⚡ Wizarding Tricks

- **Summoning regex demons** 👹 (and occasionally banishing them 🧹)
- **Brewing APIs** 🍺 strong enough to knock out junior devs 😵‍💫
- **Debugging bugs** 🐛 so ancient they answer only to dark rituals of `console.log` 📜

## 🧙‍♂️ Current Quest

Now I journey into the arcane realm of **AI and LLMs** 🤖, teaching machines to think 🧠, reason 🤔, and—on lucky days—not to hallucinate unicorns 🦄.

## 🎯 Call to Adventure

Call upon me when your quest requires code too complex for mere mortals 👥:

> **"Regexus Maximus"** ⚡ — reveal the pattern hidden in chaos! 🔍

> **"APIus Connectus"** 🌐 — may the endpoints answer true! ✅

---
